which areas should expect more rain
which areas should expect less rain
Over the next 15 days staff
You can see people who in areas
the northern region of Brazil in areas of
northeastern north coast
we must have large volumes of rain
accumulated in this period even by
account of the presence of the
intertropical convergence east
Northeastern Brazil is already beginning to have a
of little rain
We must have this rain there.
front brake during that week and
then a condition of the atmosphere
re-drying the predominance of a
mass of air that is warmer and
as in areas of general mines
santo rio de janeiro in são paulo and
I still must have some rain showers
different from what I have in areas of
south of Brazil where the predominance still
will be from drier air until the 13th
April we should expect a
low rainfall conditions over
center of southern Brazil indicating the
presence of a mass of drier air
and if we look here in São Paulo
we should have it in volumes of rain
which hardly reach 30
millimeters accumulated in the period
in these shades of orange as well as in
minefields of rio de janeiro and
also of the holy spirit in the south
brazil also the predominance will be of
a little rain until the 18th, what we should
expect a still fairly dry condition
about areas of south-central Brazil
little rain on the mine region
general sao paulo region of rio de janeiro
January holy spirit and the whole region
south of Brazil as well as in areas
in the region of mato grosso do sul the region
beyond northern mato grosso do sul should
have a more favorable condition to rain
accumulated still order of 70 mm
in these yellowish tones
I still have a lot of rain expected
on areas of mato grosso over areas
west of goiás
but brasília federal district already promises
be a condition of little rain along
of this period we already have the
predominance of those orange tones that
They indicate to us or rain in
maximum reaches 30 millimeters
accumulated over the period